README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
Animate with Reanimated 🐢
</h1>

Animate with Reanimated is a youtube series where I try to build from scratch simple and instructive animations with the help of the following packages:

- [react-native-reanimated v2](https://docs.swmansion.com/react-native-reanimated/docs/)
- [react-native-gesture-handler](https://docs.swmansion.com/react-native-gesture-handler/docs)

Sounds interesting? [Click here!](https://youtu.be/yz9E10Dq8Bg)

## Available Tutorials

- [00 Introduction to Reanimated v2](https://youtu.be/yz9E10Dq8Bg)
- [01 The basics of PanGestureHandler with Reanimated](https://youtu.be/4HUreYYoE6U)
- [02 Interpolate with ScrollView like a pro](https://youtu.be/SqwpRr7kbnQ)
- [03 Interpolate Colors like a pro](https://youtu.be/U_V9pHnTXjA) ([Medium](https://enzomanuelmangano.medium.com/interpolate-colors-like-a-pro-with-react-native-reanimated-2-253a2695cf0a))
- [04 The basics of PinchGestureHandler](https://youtu.be/R7vyLItMQJw)
- [05 Animate on DoubleTap Gesture](https://youtu.be/nbEmo0zLJjw)

## Some examples

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td valign="top">  
      <a href="https://youtu.be/yz9E10Dq8Bg" target="_blank">
          <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enzomanuelmangano/animate-with-reanimated/main/.assets/00-introduction-to-reanimated-2.gif" title="introduction-to-reanimated-2" float="left">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td valign="top">  
      <a href="https://youtu.be/4HUreYYoE6U" target="_blank">
          <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enzomanuelmangano/animate-with-reanimated/main/.assets/01-pan-gesture-handler-basics.gif" title="pan gesture handler basics" float="left">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

feat: scroll behavior with pan gesture

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
Animate with Reanimated 🐢
</h1>

Animate with Reanimated is a youtube series where I try to build from scratch simple and instructive animations with the help of the following packages:

- [react-native-reanimated v2](https://docs.swmansion.com/react-native-reanimated/docs/)
- [react-native-gesture-handler](https://docs.swmansion.com/react-native-gesture-handler/docs)

Sounds interesting? [Click here!](https://youtu.be/yz9E10Dq8Bg)

## Available Tutorials

- [00 Introduction to Reanimated v2](https://youtu.be/yz9E10Dq8Bg)
- [01 The basics of PanGestureHandler with Reanimated](https://youtu.be/4HUreYYoE6U)
- [02 Interpolate with ScrollView like a pro](https://youtu.be/SqwpRr7kbnQ)
- [03 Interpolate Colors like a pro](https://youtu.be/U_V9pHnTXjA) ([Medium](https://enzomanuelmangano.medium.com/interpolate-colors-like-a-pro-with-react-native-reanimated-2-253a2695cf0a))
- [04 The basics of PinchGestureHandler](https://youtu.be/R7vyLItMQJw)
- [05 Animate on DoubleTap Gesture](https://youtu.be/nbEmo0zLJjw)
- [06 ScrollView from Scratch with PanGestureHandler](https://youtu.be/Fd5FWxx7c48)

## Some examples

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td valign="top">  
      <a href="https://youtu.be/yz9E10Dq8Bg" target="_blank">
          <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enzomanuelmangano/animate-with-reanimated/main/.assets/00-introduction-to-reanimated-2.gif" title="introduction-to-reanimated-2" float="left">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td valign="top">  
      <a href="https://youtu.be/4HUreYYoE6U" target="_blank">
          <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enzomanuelmangano/animate-with-reanimated/main/.assets/01-pan-gesture-handler-basics.gif" title="pan gesture handler basics" float="left">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
